[Music]
you've been kidnapped by human
traffickers and locked in a room with a
sadistic murderer who wants to torture
you in the sickest way
possible no one's coming to your rescue
and you'll have to outsmart everyone if
you want to survive
when you're trapped underground and
being brutally tortured what do you do
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do in how to beat
hostile
these three tourists want to get laid
and it's going to get them
all killed they're having the time of
their lives clubbing in amsterdam
and are looking for their next crazy
experience josh here is having no luck
with the ladies and his fanny pack isn't
helping him out but when he builds up
the courage to approach this girl across
the room he bumps into someone and
spills her drink
her boyfriend confronts him and it
quickly escalates into a fight
the bouncer throws them out and they
leave the club to go back to their
hostel but when they get there it's
after curfew and the doors are locked
luckily this guy invites them up and
they climb the ladder into his room
the man alex asks them where they're
heading to next and paxton here tells
them they're going to spain to pick up
women but this guy has other plans for
them
he lets them in on a secret telling them
that outside of bratislava there are
hostels full of beautiful women who love
americans and just their accent alone
can get them laid
they can't believe their ears and agreed
to make the trip but they have no idea
this one conversation will ruin their
lives
okay they've completely rerouted their
entire trip
now bratislava is actually a safe and
beautiful city to travel to but it's in
the complete
opposite direction of spain which is
where they were headed and it's not even
the best place in europe to get lucky
statistically speaking finland has the
highest number of sexual encounters per
capita in the world at 4
4 sexual partners per year and denmark
comes at a close fourth place with 4.3
sexual partners per year
also denmark is 600 kilometers closer to
them than bratislava so to me the choice
is obvious
it's closer the women are more
fear-loving and they won't have to
completely change their travel plans
that do it
the next day they take the train to
slovakia and on their way this
businessman
enters their compartment he asks them
where they're headed and when he hears
they're going to bratislava he tells
them it's full of beautiful women and
they can pay to do anything they want
there
he seems like a nice guy but when he
starts eating his lunch with his hands
things start to get a little weird the
man explains that he wants to have a
connection with things that die
and believes it's human nature asking
josh here what his nature is the man
touches his leg and the kid freaks out
his friends find it hilarious but they
don't realize they've just met the most
dangerous person on the train
okay getting hit on by a middle-aged man
on a train
is not the kind of adventure they're
looking for but it's also distracting
them from a very important point
this guy said they can pay to do
anything and this statement is a lot
sketchier than it sounds
prostitution is already legal in many
countries in europe including amsterdam
so if everyone already knows this that
he isn't talking about the nightlife
what he's talking about is probably
something super illegal and instead of
laughing it should be freaking them out
now tourists are perhaps the easiest
people to take advantage of because they
don't know any better and are often
looking for experiences they wouldn't
normally have
and let's face it the real reason these
countries love americans is because they
think we're all rich
this makes them perfect targets for
extortion blackmail or
worse i would be getting worried that
we're walking into a city full of people
who want to take advantage of us
and be very cautious about how we
approach the rest of our vacation
getting off of the station they aren't
impressed by the view but their opinions
quickly change when they arrive at the
hostel
the place is very fancy and after
checking in they discover that they'll
be sharing rooms with other guests and
it looks like
they've hit the jackpot after they're
done dressing the women invite them to
the spa
and the guys are happy to join them
natalia hears from russia while svetlana
hears from prague and they're all very
eager to get to know each other
that night they all go to a club
together and the girls share their
private stash of disco biscuits
but josh here is feeling overwhelmed and
leaves to get some fresh air
outside the club he almost gets mugged
by a gang of children but luckily the
creepy businessman from this train
suddenly appears and gets them to run
away
the two of them go back to the bar where
josh apologizes for earlier and notices
a strange tattoo on the man's arm but
before he can say anything
he gets dragged away by natalya and they
all return to the hostel for a crazy
night that josh here will never remember
okay i know a honey trap when i see one
this guy's made it pretty clear he'd
rather talk to a man who touched his leg
on a train one time
rather than flirt with this beautiful
woman but for some reason she's still
interested when a woman like this is
persistently chasing you experience says
it's a clear sign something is wrong but
that's not the only oversight they've
made because taking drugs from strangers
in a foreign country never ends well
this situation could easily end with you
being forced federal hypno and waking up
robbed of all your earthly possessions
also slovakia has a corruption problem
and even though they have harsh
penalties for drug crimes the
enforcement of these laws are relatively
low
the next morning they wake up with
smiles on their faces but see that their
friend ollie is missing
paxton here thinks he might be having
breakfast but they're surprised to
discover that he's already checked out
they say goodbye to the roommates when
this japanese guest runs up to them and
shows them a strange photo of their
friend ali with her friend that says
goodbye in japanese
they know this doesn't add up because
ollie isn't into asian girls and paxton
here asks her to send him the photo
this is not okay these guys haven't
caught on yet but this photo looks like
it might be doctored
not only do these two look extremely
unhappy for a couple who fell in love
and ditch their friends but whoever made
this photo was overlooking a key aspect
of photography that sticks out like a
sore thumb
in this picture the foreground and the
background are both in focus
and this would normally happen the depth
of field of a lens is set by its
aperture but even at an f-stop of 22 it
would be next to impossible to get this
kind of focal depth with them standing
this close
to the camera i would take this photo to
the police so they can start looking for
them because kidnappings after the first
72 hours are rarely solved and the clock
is already ticking
paxton and josh decide to walk around
the town looking for their friend when
they suddenly spot ollie walking by
and try to get his attention they chase
him into this building but when they
reach him they realize it's a complete
stranger
paxton demands to know where he got his
jacket but the man claims it belongs to
him and leaves
okay you might see that having the same
colored jacket is not enough to accuse a
man of kidnapping your friend
and you'd be right but there's one
detail here that can wipe this man's
eating grin right off his face because
not only is this jacket the same color
but it also has a patch of an icelandic
flag their friend ollie is from
iceland and on the day he goes missing
they find someone the same jacket that
has his country's flag on it and this
guy wants me to believe
he bought it in a store in slovakia he
must have been involved in the
kidnapping somehow and we can't let him
get away
i would call the police and continue
following him until they show up to
question him
now the jacket alone might not be enough
evidence for them but we have a very
unique advantage in solving this case
because according to interpol dna
databases now exist and
all 27 of the european union member
states
although iceland is not officially a
member it hosts one of the leaders in
the field of genetics called decode
which has collected so much dna data on
its citizens that they have a sample for
nearly half the entire icelandic
population
they could collect dna samples from the
jacket and match them to d
codes database giving them a very good
chance to prove its ollies and lock this
guy up for further questioning
they walk back to the hostel when paxton
here receives a message from ollie it's
a selfie of the man's head
with the caption i go home but they
don't realize that their friend is
already dead
somewhere underground aldi's murderer
has taken a picture of the man's severed
head and he's just getting started
the killer walks down the hall and into
another room where a japanese woman is
held prisoner
she screams for help but no one can hear
her as he begins to cut off her toes
that night they try to forget about
ollie and enjoy the rest of their trip
with the girls but josh here is feeling
sick
and wants to leave natalya offers to go
back with him but he turns her down
and heads back to the hostel when he
arrives he gets taken back to his room
and passes out
but someone else steps into the doorway
and josh here has no idea he's about to
become the next kidnapped victim
back at the club paxton here begins to
feel sick and gets up the final restroom
but as he leaves
a man is watching him from across the
room and the women seem to know more
than they're letting on
in his drugged up state he enters a
storage room and gets locked in
with no one able to hear him calling for
help trapped inside
he passes out and spends the whole night
with no idea that he's nearly escaped
the same fate as his friends
meanwhile joshua wakes up in a room with
no idea how he got there he's been
shackled to a chair with his hands
cuffed and can only watch in horror as a
man in a butcher's uniform picks up a
power drill
he begins to torture him with no mercy
as he drills several holes into josh's
body
his screams ring out into the halls but
then it goes quiet as the man puts away
the drill
he reveals himself to be the businessman
from the train josh here begs to be let
go and the man agrees to free him but he
has
one last surprise reaching back he
slashes his achilles tendons and josh
screams in pain
freeing him from the chair the man opens
the door allowing him to leave but when
josh tries to stand up he collapses as
his wounds stretch open
he offers some money to stop the torture
but the man reveals that he's paid for
the pleasure of killing him and slits
his throat
okay this is what you get when you leave
your girlfriend at a bar
these look like a pair of standard
police issued handcuffs so they're
fairly restrictive and the metal is
going to be strong but that just so
happens to put us at an advantage
special forces units such as the green
berets are trained to escape from any
restraint and they do this through a
simple technique
they bring their wrists together and
rotate them so that the chains begin to
tangle building up more tension as the
chains are pulled taut
this weakens the restraint so much that
a soldier can break them with a quick
twisting motion and make their escape
this is going to take some patience and
it's going to be extremely painful but a
little pain is worth it if it saves your
life
if he manages to break free he's got the
further advantage of being younger than
his torturer
the only thing that gives this man power
is that he has a weapon otherwise he's
middle-aged and out of shape
instead of running for the door without
tendons i would wait for the man to come
close enough to knock him over
if i can get him on the ground with me
that i can use my upper body strength to
fight him without needing to use my legs
and this gives us a real shot at
escaping with our lives
meanwhile paxton here returns back to
the hostel and finds out that according
to the guest logs he's already been
checked out
he chews out the receptionist for this
mistake and gets a new room but when he
enters he sees two women getting dressed
and they invite him to the spa
he realizes it's word for word the same
thing that italian svetlana told him
when he first came here
looking for clues he uses the picture of
ollie to find a smoke stack from the
photo is an exact
match for the one nearby but suddenly a
gang of kids
steal his phone and run away he chases
them down and catches one but realizing
he's just a kid
lets him go with no phone and no
evidence he goes to the police station
and files a missing person's report but
the officer reassures him it's not
uncommon for people to leave without
notice
no one is going to help him and he
decides to take matters into his own
hands
ok you know it's a lost cause when even
the police won't help you and this guy
doesn't have a chance to find or rescue
his friend on his own
but that's exactly why i would try to
list this gang of kids to help me
investigate
they don't have any motive other than
self-profit so i could buy their
services with a steady flow of money and
candy to be my eyes and ears throughout
the city helping me follow the movements
of everyone i suspect
i would have them track both italia and
svetlana as well as the man in ollie's
jacket and the first receptionist from
the hostel because if this
is a repeated con job then the hostile
staff must know about it and are
probably getting paid for it
these kids already have his phone so
they can go anywhere without suspicion
and take photos of the suspects and it
would let us gather enough intel to
convince the police to help
leaving the police station he sees
natalya from the night before
and follows her into a building but the
locals are keeping a close eye on him
entering the bar he finds italian
svetlana here sitting at a table
confronting them about his missing
friend they tell him he's with ollie at
an art exhibit
he doesn't believe that it demands to be
taken there to find out what's going on
on their way the woman offers some
chewing gum but as she searches her
purse he notices
it's full of money the driver gives her
a huge bag of gum
and paxon here thinks it's really
strange it would carry so much of it
when they finally arrive he notices the
smoke stack from this factory is the
same one featured in the photo of ollie
and realizes he's found the right place
okay when a beautiful woman takes you to
an abandoned factory in the middle of
nowhere you've probably made some bad
choices
honestly without police involvement or a
cell phone i wouldn't even get in the
car
at this point i think the best course of
action is to protect yourself and leave
the city
i guarantee you friends that you can
find are a lot better company than
friends who are missing and some
relationships aren't meant to last i
would have already done all that i could
to help them and that includes acquiring
more evidence to take to the police
giving up on your kidnapped friends
might seem cold-blooded but that's
because it totally is
and i just really don't want to die
dropped off in the parking lot he enters
the factory and is surprised when he's
told that entry is free
he's skeptical that this is an art
exhibit but with no other ways to find
his friends he walks deeper into the
complex and is horrified to find the
businessman from the train
operating on his dead friend he can't
believe what he's seen and natalya here
reveals that she got paid a lot of money
to bring him here
suddenly he gets grabbed and is dragged
into a room where he's handcuffed and
restrained to a chair becoming yet
another tourist kidnapped from the
hostel and there's no one coming to save
him
okay this is scary as hell and we're not
going to overpower these guys
this whole situation has been designed
to lure us here and we've already been
sold to the highest bidder but that's
exactly why we may have one last chance
to survive
this is clearly a business and like in
every business money
talks the loudest as a last-ditch effort
i'd be offering them more money to
become a customer and to help them learn
more americans here to increase their
stock
at the end of the day every profitable
business wants to grow and increase
demand and if i offered to help them
meet this growing demand it's worth more
to them than serving a single customer
it's unlikely to work but if we're not
trying everything we can think of to
escape
then we deserve to die here when the
door opens a guard comes in
demanding him to speak this customer
wants to make sure he's killing
an american the garden stuffs a gag in
his mouth and leaves
putting a pistol to his head the
customer is about to shoot him but
realizes it's too easy and changes his
mind at the last minute that's when
paxton hears a sound of a chainsaw motor
the man approaches and brings the blade
down to his chest but packs them against
the vomit causing him the choke
the man doesn't want him to die before
he can get his money's worth so he
unlocks the gag and lets him hurl
but this man has no idea that one act of
kindness will kill him
he picks up his chainsaw again and
slices some of paxton's fingers off
not knowing he's also cut through the
handcuffs turning around he sees the man
running at him with a chainsaw but the
guy slips on the ball gag the torturer
falls to the ground and the saw
lands on his leg cutting right through
the bone paxton manages to tip the chair
over and reach the gun just in time to
kill the man
outside the room the guard hears someone
calling in german and goes to check it
out but when he enters paxton turns
around
and shoots him dead okay this guy got
extremely lucky and he was smart about
his escape plan too
if the room is quiet for too long the
guard will notice so the only way out is
to call him in and kill him before he
suspects something but he also made it
harder on himself than necessary
if your back is turned it's not easy to
swing around and shoot on target while
locked to a chair
we also have to consider there may be
only a couple bullets left in the gun
and we won't get a second chance at
killing him
personally i would have slammed my chair
sideways before calling out to the guard
i don't think he would have found it
suspicious because the chair could have
moved during the torture and we can
still lure him in to get a better shot
freeing himself from his shackles he
takes his cut off fingers and puts on a
disguise to sneak his way out
he's about to escape when the lights
turn on and he hides in a nearby room
narrowly avoiding the guards inside he
finds a bunch of dead bodies stacked on
a push cart
and panics when the light turns on a man
wheels the corpses out and pulls it
through the halls with no idea that
paxton here is hitching a ride
he's taken to the bottom floor and
wheeled into a kitchen where the man
begins hacking apart the severed limbs
and when paxton opens his eyes he sees
his dead friend staring back at him
if he makes one mistake he'll end up
just like josh
the butcher here takes a corpse off of
the trolley and knocks paxton's fingers
to the floor
he tries to grab them but the butcher
beats him to it picking them up the man
leaves the kitchen to dispose of the
corpses and gives paxton his opportunity
to escape as he sneaks up behind the man
and knocks him out ok patience is a
virtue and the guy made the right
decisions here
it makes sense to want to grab a weapon
and fight your way out as quickly as you
can but it doesn't grant you the best
opportunities
the man hasn't noticed you and if you
get up the body stacked on top of you
will drop to the floor and make a noise
alerting him to your presence it's a lot
easier for him to turn around
and swing a knife than it is for you to
push a body off your chest and stand up
to grab a weapon
patience is the only play that works
here and he made the right decision
although this guy has got to let go of
his fingers
for serious injuries like this one
reattachment is no longer possible after
six
hours and that seems like a pretty
optimistic time frame for escaping with
your life
making it back to town finding a
hospital and having a doctor sew both
fingers back
on it's great that he's still thinking
about his quality of life in all of this
but for me
i'd rather focus on my immediate
survival and keep my hands free in case
i need to grab a weapon or defend myself
paxton takes the elevator to the top
floor and manages to evade the
patrolling guards in the hall before
entering this locker room
he sees a window across the room but
when he peeks through it he sees a
police officer talking to one of the
drivers
and realizes that the cops know all
about this place and are allowing it to
happen there's no chance of getting help
now
he changes into a clean set of clothes
and finds a card in the pocket belonging
to the elite hunting club with prices
for the different nationalities brought
in but as he looks at the card in horror
another american tourist
enters the room and takes him by
surprise he asks what it felt like and
if he should kill his victim quickly or
not
paxton here says to make it quick but
the man disagrees deciding he'll do it
slowly leaving his pistol behind for
paxon to take
he makes his way out of the building and
finds a car with the key still in the
ignition but suddenly he hears the
japanese girl screaming in pain and
refuses to leave her behind
running back inside he follows the
screams until he finds the man from
upstairs torturing her and shoots him
with his own pistol
together they run out of the building
and manage to steal one of the cars but
it alerts the guards who chase after
them
heading into town the rogue gets blocked
by a van but once it moves out of the
way
he sees the woman from the hostel and
alex from amsterdam standing in the
street
they turn seeing he's in the car and
with no remorse he brutally runs them
down in the road
okay three for the price of one is a
good deal anywhere in the world
and i would definitely run them over too
except it's going to involve the police
being chased by both gangsters and the
police is the kind of irony i would try
to avoid
especially when i'm running for my life
the truth is this guy shouldn't even be
on this street because driving your car
through the city is a sure-fire way of
getting caught
there are too many pedestrians in the
way and when the streets are this narrow
you'll have to slow down which lets the
gangsters catch up
the better thing to do is drive down a
narrow street and ditch the car when the
gangsters arrive they'll be blocked and
it forces them to make a detour to find
you again
you're slower on foot but using the car
to block the way buys you time to hide
and they will lose your trail giving you
a better chance to escape
on another street the man gets stopped
by the gang of kids who want a treat and
luckily he still has a giant bag of gum
in the car
to bribe them with when the guards in
the exhibit show up trying to follow him
the kids don't go easy on them and it
gives us a pretty clear picture of what
oliver twist would be like if it was set
in eastern europe
ditching the car they hurry on foot to
the train station but he sees the guards
from the exhibit
talking with the police they move
towards these boxes to hide but as they
approach them the japanese woman sees
her reflection in the glass
she's so disturbed by her wounds that
she walks out onto the platform in which
she spots the oncoming train
jumps in front of it her death distracts
everyone at the station and paxton is
able to sneak onto the other train and
escape the town
later as he's resting he hears the voice
of the businessman
and realizes he's also on the train when
the man gets off his stomp he greets his
daughter and walks to the station but
has no idea that they're being followed
they stop at the restrooms and he sends
his daughter in before he enters the
men's side alone
that's when paxson decides to take
revenge the man finishes washing up and
waits for his daughter to come out of
the restroom but when she takes too long
he realizes she's gone missing
in a panic he runs the station calling
her name but never notices that paxton
is right behind him holding his daughter
hostage as the train
leaves the station but what do you think
how would you beat hostile
let me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day